Bottlerocket Testing Cli (#487)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-test-system: design/DESIGN.md

[test agent which uses Sonobuoy]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-test-system/tree/develop/bottlerocket-agents/src/bin/sonobuoy-test-agent

> We can also create the TestAgent using a command line interface that handles all the interaction with kubernetes and test can be written using the bash script.

Reviewer: nit: Newline after.

Reviewer 2: nit: 
```suggestion
We can also create the `TestAgent` using a command line interface that handles all the interaction between the Testsys cluster and test can be written using the bash script.
```

[test agent which uses Sonobuoy]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-test-system/tree/develop/bottlerocket-agents/src/bin/sonobuoy-test-agent

> Test agents can also be created using [bash scripts](../agent/test-agent-cli).

Reviewer: Can we link to the example bash script?

> We can also create the `TestAgent` using a command line interface that handles all the interaction between the Testsys cluster and test can be written using the bash script.

Reviewer: Test agents can also be created using [bash scripts](example_script).
